# Canadian-MBS-Index-Return
Basic regression model to predict the return on a Canadian MBS Index. This example uses Keras API and TensorFlow,

1. This model uses the regression tutorial of TensorFlow: https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/keras/regression
2. FTSE Canada NHA MBS 975 Index. "Benchmark Info: The FTSE Canada NHA MBS 975 Index consists of a liquid universe of Canadian issued mortgage backed securities that are insured by Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation with a minimum issue size of $200 million and $100 million outstanding. Each security is weighted by its relative market capitalization and rebalanced monthly. The Index includes securities denominated in Canadian dollars, with a term to maturity greater than one year."
3. This model uses BMO Canadian MBS Index ETF (ZMBS) as a proxy of the FTSE Canada NHA MBS 975 Index. "The BMO Canadian MBS Index ETF (ZMBS) has been designed to replicate, to the extent possible, the performance of the FTSE Canada NHA MBS 975 Index, net of expenses. The Fund invests in a variety of mortgage backed securities with a term to maturity greater than one year. Mortgages held within the Index are guaranteed by the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation."
4. Historical Discounted 5-year Mortgage Rates are from https://www.ratehub.ca/5-year-fixed-mortgage-rate-history. "While the Bank of Canada has the most comprehensive data set, with the high prevelance of mortgage rate discounting, it is not the most accurate. The Canadian Association of Accredited Mortgage Professionals estimates that the average discount applied to a 5 year mortgage rate in 2010 was 1.42%. To source the discounted rates, we have combined our proprietary data supplemented with discount brokerage data from 2006-2010."
5.  
